# Music is best heard with friends

## _Introducing Spotify Circles: Ushering in a new way to make music a richer social experience._
## _Spotify members can now share and listen to music with their closest ones and let the mechanical hassle of song selection and device connectivity recede into the background._

Spotify is bringing a new way to share and listen to music with the launch of **Spotify Circles** , available today to all members across the United States. With _Spotify Circles_, all members will be able to share music with their friends by playing music from the convenience of their personal devices without having to worry about the hassle of connecting their devices with the audio output. Additionally, members will have the ability to use Spotify&#39;s machine learning algorithms to generate dynamic playlists based on a combination of the personal interests of all members who are part of the circle.

Our users love the breadth of content available on Spotify and the personalized playlists created by the platform but feel that the platform lacks the ability to easily share and enjoy music with others. We found that users discover music based on recommendations from their friends and would like to have a better way to find great content that their friends have discovered and enjoyed.

With _Spotify Circles_, users get a notification to start a Spotify circle when they are with their friends. Within a circle, users can queue their favorite songs, from the comfort of their own personal devices and personal song collection, to the circle thereby accommodating for the interests of all listeners without the mechanical hassle of connecting several individual devices to the speaker. Users can let Spotify handle the song selection too by selecting a _mood_ for the circle. Spotify will find songs matching that _mood_ based on the personal interests of all the users in the circle along with similar songs that users all around the world have liked.

&quot;Our listeners are the life of our product and we want music to be a part of their lives when they are either by themselves or with their loved ones.&quot; says Daniel Ek, CEO of Spotify. &quot;By launching _Spotify Circles_, we want users to enjoy music as they engage with others and let the product handle all the unnecessary mechanical hassle.&quot;

Once users start a Spotify circle, they can easily add songs to the circle queue by just tapping on a song anywhere on their Spotify application. After going through the queue of songs, Spotify will continue to play similar songs based on the interests of all the users. If users wish to avoid the hassle of selecting specific songs, they can let Spotify handle it for them by just setting on a _mood_ for the circle. Spotify will use its intelligent machine learning algorithms to determine the best music to play based on the mood and the personal favorites of all the users. Circles will be saved for all users so that they can always go back and find those amazing tunes their friend had played the last time they were hanging out.

&quot;I always find myself in the passenger seat of my friend&#39;s car asking him for his phone so that I can find that one song I just found the last week and play it from his phone&quot; says Cathy, an avid Spotify user. &quot;With _Spotify Circles_, I can now just start a circle and go to my playlists to find all the songs I would like my friends to listen to and queue them up to the circle!&quot;. Cathy finds it extremely useful to let Spotify pick the best songs to play based on the interests of all the guests at her parties – &quot;I want all my friends to have a great time whenever they are at my place and I&#39;m glad that I can trust Spotify to find the best music to play based on what all my friends like!&quot;

Users can now download the latest version of the Spotify App to their devices from the Apple Store or the Google Play Store and start listening to music with their friends like never before with _Spotify Circles_. Click here to learn more.
